3.24.0: Adds changelog and bumps SDK version (#3002)
Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3: changelog.md

> :warning: 3.24.0 removes the DefaultTraceListener from the SDK TraceSource for [performance reasons](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/sql/performance-tips?tabs=trace-net-core#logging-and-tracing) by default when not running in Debug mode.

#### Added
- [#2893](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2893) Diagnostics: Adds address info to diagnostics on force cache refresh.
- [#2926](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2926) Performance: Removes DefaultTraceListener by default.
- [#2875](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2875) Query: Adds Index Metrics to Stream API.
- [#2917](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2917) LINQ: Adds support for Nullable<T>.Value or Nullable<T>.HasValue when using camelCase serialization.
- [#2907](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2907) Diagnostics: Adds performance improvement to GetContactedRegions().
- [#2988](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2988) Diagnostics: Adds performance improvement by reducing size and removing irrelevant information (caller info).

#### Fixed

> - [#2869](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2869) Performance: Fixes query improvement to load values lazily.

Reviewer: Add which version introduced regression.
```suggestion
- [#2869](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2869) Performance: Fixes query improvement to load values lazily. Introduced in 3.14.0 PR [#1812](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/1812)
```

> - [#2883](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2883) Change Feed Processor: Fixes diagnostics on Estimator and ChangeFeedProcessorContext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2883](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2883) Change Feed Processor: Fixes diagnostics on Estimator and ChangeFeedProcessorContext. Introduced in 3.15.0 PR [#1933](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/1933)
```

> - [#2885](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2885) Client Telemetry: Adds memory optimization by reducing Histogram significant digits.

Reviewer: We haven't included any client telemetry in the changelog since it's not available for public preview yet.

- [#2900](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2900), [#2899](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2899), [#2915](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2915), [#2912](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2912), [#2925](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2925), [#3000](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3000) Documentation: Improvements in code samples within xml documentation.
- [#2937](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2937), [#2975](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2975) Session: Improvements on session token handling for Gateway mode across splits and merges.
- [#2965](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2965) Session: Fixes operations sending the session token on Gateway mode when the operation reduced consistency to lower than Session.

> - [#2975](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2975) Session: Fixes case where the Global Session Token was sent on Gateway mode if the client had no previous cache entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2975](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/2975) Session: Fixes session token too large exception in Gateway mode if the client had no previous cache entry.
```
